Fix issue causing node with default config fail on startup (#11573)
crate/crate: docs/config/node.rst

.. _ssl.transport.mode:

**ssl.transport.mode**
  | *Default:* ``legacy``
  | *Runtime:* ``no``

  For communication between nodes, choose:

  ``off``
    SSL cannot be used
  ``legacy``

>     SSL cannot be used and HBA will not be used even if HBA is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SSL is not used. If HBA is enabled, transport connections won't be verified. Any reachable host can establish a connection.
```

To clarify that this doesn't disable HBA entirely, but that it only affects how transport connections are treated.
